
# Chapter 10

1. The process of sending print jobs from the print queue to the printer is called \__________________

   D. Printing


2. You can clear a log file simply by redirecting nothing into it. True or False?

   True


3. When a printer is disabled, \________________________

   B. the print queue accepts jobs into the print queue and holds them there until the printer is enabled again


4. What is the name used to describe a user providing a user name and password to log in to a system?

   D. Authentication


5. Which command can you use to lock a user account?

   C. usermod -L username


6. Which command can be used to alter the primary group associated with a given user temporarily?

   D. newgrp


7. Which command can be used to send a print job to the default printer named Printer1?  (Choose all that apply.)

   A. lp -d Printer1 file  -d specifies destination

   C. lp file  - excluding -d sends to default printer


8. What is the name of the file that contains a listing of all users on the system and their home directories?

   A. /etc/passwd


9. UIDs and GIDs are unique to the system and, once used, can never be reused. True or False?

   False

10. What is the name of the utility used to rotate log files?

    C. logrotate


11. You can lock a user account by changing the default login shell to an invalid shell in /etc/passwd. True or False?

    True


12. When a printer is rejecting requests, \_____________________

    A. the print queue does not accept jobs and sends a message to the user noting that the printer is unavailable


13. When referring to the /etc/rsyslog.conf file, \__________ specifies information from a certain area of the system, whereas \______________ is the level of importance of that information.

    D. Facility/Priority


14. Most log files on the system are found in which directory?

    C. /var/log


15. Which file contains default information such as UID and GID ranges and minimum password length to be used at user creation?

    C. /etc/login.defs


16. What command can you use to view journald log entries on a system that uses Systemd?

    B. journalctl


17. Which command would you use to unlock a user account?

    C. usermod -U username


18. Along with a listing of user accounts, the /etc/passwd file contains information on account expiry. True or False? 

    False - that's in /etc/shadow


19. You use lpstat and determine that a user named User1 has placed two large print jobs in the queue for Printer1 that have yet to start printing. They have print job IDs of Printer1-17 and Printer1-21, respectively. Which command would you use to remove these two jobs from the print queue?

    A. cancel Printer1-17 Printer1-21


20. Which command is used to delete a user account?

    C. userdel username

