
# Chapter 11

1. Most source code is available on the Internet in tarball format. True or False?

   True


2. Which dump level indicates a full backup?

   A. 0


3. Which filename extension indicates a tarball?

   A. .tar.gz


4. Files that have been compressed using the compress utility typically have the \__________________ extension.

   C. .Z


5. The bzip2 and gzip utilities use similar compression algorithms. True or False?

   False


6. When compiling source code into a binary program, which command does the compiling using the GNU C Compiler?

   C. make


7. The -9 option to the gzip command results in a higher compression ratio. True or False?

   True


8. You have created a full backup and four incremental backups. In which order must you restore these backups?

   B. 0, 1, 2, 3, 4


9. Which of the following commands extracts an archive?

   B. cpio –vicdu –I /dev/fd0

   D. cpio –vti –I /dev/fd0


10. The Debian Package Manager (DPM) is the default package manager used by Fedora 20.

    True


11. Which of the following commands can be used to list the files contained within an installed RPM package?

    B. rpm –qi packagename  :show full info

    C. rpm –ql packagename  :list filenames
    

12. Which of the following commands can be used to remove the test DPM package, including any test configuration files?

    B. apt-get remove test

    D. apt-get purge test


13. To install a new program from RPM software repositories on the Internet, you can use the yum update program name command. True or False?

    False


14. Which file contains full and incremental back-up information for use with the dump/ restore utility?

    B. /etc/dumpdates


15. Which of the following represents the first nonrewinding SCSI tape device on a system?

    D. /dev/nst0


16. Which option to the dpkg command can be used to list the files that comprise a package?

    B. -L


17. Which option to the rpm command can be used to remove a package from the system?

    B. -e


18. Which of the following commands creates an archive?

    A. tar –cvf /dev/st0

    D. tar –zcvf /dev/st0 *


19. When compiling source code into a binary program, which command performs a system check and creates the Makefile?

    B. ./configure


20. Which of the following commands can be used to search for packages that contain the word “oobla” on RPM software repositories?

    A. yum search oobla

\pagebreak
