
# Chapter 12

1. A subnet mask is used to differentiate the host portion from the network portion in a TCP/IP address. True or False?

   True


2. Which Windows program is often used to connect to a Linux server via SSH?

   B. Putty


3. Stand-alone daemons are started on demand using inetd or xinetd. True or False?

   False


4. Which file stores the TCP/IP addresses of the DNS servers used to resolve host names if no DNS servers are specified within the network configuration file for the NIC?

   D. /etc/resolv.conf


5. To test DNS configuration by resolving a host name to an IP address, which command or commands can you use? (Choose all that apply.)

   A. nslookup hostname
   
   B. dig hostname

   C. host hostname


6. Which two commands can be used to modify the route table on a Linux computer?  (Choose two answers.)

   A. route

   B. ip


7. Which file holds the methods to be used and the order in which they will be applied for host name resolution?

   A. /etc/nsswitch.conf


8. What are two means available to resolve a host name to the appropriate TCP/IP address? (Choose two answers.)

   B. DNS

   C. /etc/hosts


9. SSH encrypts all traffic that passes across the network, whereas telnet does not. True or False?

   True


10. What devices are used to transfer information from one network to another?

    A. routers


11. Which of the following are graphical remote administration technologies? (Choose all that apply.)  

    B. ssh -X

    D. VNC


12. The daemons associated with network services listen for network traffic associated with a particular \___________\_

    B. port


13. The TCP/IP address of 127.0.0.1 is also referred to as the \__________________\_

    D. loopback address


14. The line that configures the host name for the computer at boot time can be found in / etc/hostname. True or False?

    True


15. Which command would be used to activate the NIC aliased as eth0?

    B. ifup eth0


16. Which of the following port numbers is associated with telnet?

    D. 23


17. Which file would you modify to permanently change the TCP/IP address of the first wired NIC on a Fedora 20 system?

    B. /etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ifcfg-eth0


18. Before a computer can use a router, with what configuration information must it be provided?

    C. default gateway


19. Which of the following are stand-alone daemons? (Choose all that apply.)

    A. Apache

    B. FTP


20. Which of the following utilities can be used to check TCP/IP configuration and test network connectivity? (Choose all that apply.)

    C. ping

    D. netstat
