## Chapter 7


1. Because Standard Error and Standard Output represent the results of a command and Standard Input represents the input required for a command, only Standard Error and Standard Output can be redirected to/from a file. True or False?

   False


2. Before a user-defined variable can be used by processes that run in subshells, that variable must be_________________________.

   C. Exported


3. The alias command can be used to make a shortcut to a single command. True or False?

   True


4. Which of the following files is always executed immediately after any user logs in to a Linux system and receives a BASH shell?

   A. /etc/profile


5. Which command could you use to see a list of all environment and user-defined shell variables as well as their current values?

   C. Set


6. Every if construct begins with if and must be terminated with ___________________

   D. fi


7. Which of the following will display the message welcome home if the cd /home/user1 command is successfully executed?

   A. cd /home/user1 && echo "welcome home"


8. The current value for the HOME variable is displayed by which of the following commands? (Choose all that apply.)

   B. echo ~
   C. echo $HOME


9. Which of the following file descriptor numbers represents stdout?

   C. 1


10. Which of the following operators reverses the meaning of a test statement?

    D. \!


11. What would be the effect of using the alias command to make an alias for the date command named cat in honor of your favorite pet?

    C. When you use the cat command at the command prompt with the intention of viewing a text file, the date appears instead.


12. How do you indicate a comment line in a shell script?

    D. Begin the line with #.


13. You have redirected Standard Error to a file called Errors. You view the contents of this file afterward and notice that there are six error messages. After repeating the procedure, you notice that there are only two error messages in this file. Why?

    C. You did not append the Standard Error to the Error file, and as a result it was overwritten when the command was run a second time.


14. The sed and awk commands are filter commands commonly used to format data within a pipe. True or False?

    True


15. What is wrong with the following command string: ls /etc/hosts >listofhostfile ?

    A. Nothing is wrong with the command.


16. Which of the following is not necessarily generated by every command on the system? (Choose all that apply.)

    _NOT "NECESSARILY"?  "EVERY" COMMAND?_
    
    I find this question very amiguous.

17. Which construct can be used in a shell script to read Standard Input and place it in a variable?

    A. Read


18. A for construct is a loop construct that processes a specified list of objects. As a result, it is executed as long as there are remaining objects to process. True or False?

    TRUE


19. What does >> accomplish when entered on the command line after a command?

    D. It appends Standard Output to a file.

\newpage

20. Consider the following shell script:

```
    echo -e "What is your favorite color?--> \c"
    read REPLY
    if ["$REPLY" = "red" –o "$REPLY" = "blue"]
    then
    echo "The answer is red or blue."
    else
    echo "The answer is not red nor blue."
    fi
```


   What would be displayed if a user executes the program in question 20 and answered Blue when prompted?

   B. The answer is not red nor blue. ["Blue" != "blue"]

